[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory, and we have
a very special guest today, who
is one of the giants of the
UFO field, Grant Cameron,
noted author, researcher.
He has been a recipient
of numerous awards,
and his latest book is called
"Tuned In: the Paranormal
World of Music."
Now, this has to
do with his theory
of how aliens have
influenced the music
community and musicians.
Grant, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>GRANT CAMERON: Thanks
for having me on, George.
I'm honored.
>>NOORY: How did you come to
write this book, "Tuned In"?
>>CAMERON: A very bizarre story,
I got a message from an alien.
>>NOORY: You did?
>>CAMERON: I got a
message from an alien.
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>CAMERON: What
happened was I had
been friends with an experiencer
by the name of Chris Bledsoe.
Chris has been
interacting with--
military intelligence
is watching him--
Military, NASA people,
White House, people.
He's sort of got a
high level of contact,
and that's why
they're interested.
I met him in 2012.
In 2013, I had a very
bizarre experience with him.
So whatever he said, I
listened very carefully
because I knew he
had these contacts
and that people are
taken him very seriously.
He phoned me up one
day, and he said,
I've got a message
from the Guardians.
Now, the Guardians were
what he called the beings
that he was interacting with.
And they actually
appear in a crop circle.
In 2002, at Crabwood crop
circle is what it's called,
there was a being that
appeared with a binary message.
>>NOORY: That was a big story.
>>CAMERON: It was
a big story I get
this message from Chris Bledsoe,
this famous experiencer.
And he said to me, Grant, I got
a message from the Guardians.
So, again I was--
anything he talks about,
I listened carefully.
So I said, OK,
you got a message.
What is it?
He said, they want you to know
the message is in the music.
And I said to him,
well, Chris, you
may be talking to the wrong guy.
My whole family is musical.
I've never listened to music.
I don't care about music.
>>NOORY: And I'm
a UFO researcher.
>>CAMERON: Yeah, I'm-- and
so it meant nothing to me.
And then he kept
talking, and he said,
there's a couple of songs.
He told his bizarre
story about some CDs
that appeared in
his car or whatever.
And then he said, the two songs
you should listen to his one,
is "Kashmir," by Led Zeppelin.
And I went, whatever,
Chris, you know.
It still doesn't
mean anything to me.
>>NOORY: Not, your
kind of music.
>>CAMERON: I'm not into
music, never listened
to music in my life.
And then he said, oh,
and the other song you
should listen to, and this is
where they threw the hook in.
He said, the other song
you should listen to
is a song called "After the
Gold Rush" by Neil Young.
And I said, Neil Young?
It was Neil Young?
You think young Neil
Young is involved?
And he said, yeah.
And I live in Winnipeg,
Manitoba, Canada,
which is famous for
nothing except a number
of famous musicians
came out of Winnipeg.
>>NOORY: And hockey.
>>CAMERON: And hockey.
But Neil Young grew up in
Winnipeg, and so when he said,
Neil Young.
I said Neil Young's involved?
That's the only
reason I pursued it.
Then when I looked up the lyrics
for "After the Gold Rush,"
it basically is a song that
basically is sort of a story
that the UFO experiencers
tell, the people,
39% of all experiencers say
when they're board the ship,
they're showing these sort of
images, catastrophic images,
on the screen.
And in the song, it
basically, to put it short,
it says, we're
treating the world
like a gold rush,
when the gold is gone,
the silver seeds, the flying
saucers, are going to come,
and they're going
to take the chosen
ones to a new home in the sun.
And I was hooked.
I went, whoa, I mean,
this bizarre thing.
So I started to look at it, and,
you know, I wasn't into music.
I started looking at it.
And then I discovered a
book by Michael Luckman.
I don't know if you've
interviewed him.
>>NOORY: Yes, we sure have.
>>CAMERON: "Alien Rock."
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>CAMERON: And when I saw
the book "Alien Rock,"
which is 330 pages of musicians
and their interest in UFOs
and how many had UFO
sightings, I went, wow,
there's something to this.
And I started--
I started-- that's how I started
to study the whole thing.
>>NOORY: How long have you
been investigating UFOs now?
>>CAMERON: 43 years,
and it was only
in the last couple of years
that I did the music thing,
and so that's why
it was so bizarre.
And it was almost--
almost like I was chosen
to do this because I
don't have a dog in the fight.
I'm not a musician.
I don't have any interest--
>>NOORY: What got you
involved in UFOs 40 years ago?
>>CAMERON: A sighting.
I had a sighting that
there was a town called
Carman, Manitoba, which
was 25 miles north
of the American border.
And they were seeing
UFOs there all the time.
And I just went out because
everybody was seeing it.
I had no interest in UFOs.
And I saw this UFO, and that's
what got me interested in UFOs.
>>NOORY: I mean, your reputation
in the UFO community is huge.
I mean, you were asked
in 2013 to testify
as part of the citizens
hearing on disclosure.
>>CAMERON: My name
is Grant Cameron.
I'm a private investigator.
For the past 38 years,
I have attempted
to focus on what the
highest levels of the US
government, military,
and intelligence agencies
know about the UFO phenomena.
I'm the director of the
president's UFO website.
As Steve Bassett mentioned,
the Obama administration
has come out with an
official statement
saying there is no ET evidence
for an interaction with ETs.
And there is no cover up.
What I would like to do
based on my years of research
is present a few
pieces of evidence
which show that this statement
written by a low-level White
House staffer is ill
informed and not true.
During a visit to Roswell,
New Mexico in 2012,
President Obama referred
to the White House--
to the Roswell
crash saying, we're
going to keep our secrets here.
This raises the
question in light
of the statement put
out by his office
that there is no ET cover up.
What secrets is President
Obama referring to?
>>NOORY: What did you
think of that hearing?
>>CAMERON: I think
it was fantastic.
I think it opened the door to
giving it some credibility.
>>NOORY: Credibility.
>>CAMERON: And a number of
major, major researchers
were all brought
together and got
to tell what is the
best evidence we have.
>>NOORY: Because
there were people
that were heavy hitters
in the UFO community.
>>CAMERON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I saw Linda
Moulton Howe there.
The late Roger Leir
was sitting behind you.
>>CAMERON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: These folks really
devoted their careers
to ufology, didn't they?
>>CAMERON: Yeah, so
it went a long way
to clarifying the fact that
there is some solid evidence
and putting it out there
where you can actually
go back and look at this
stuff, for example, you know,
the Rendlesham.
It was a big case.
>>NOORY: Huge case.
>>CAMERON: Where
they actually started
to make a move when one of
the people on the panel,
one of these congressmen
and senators,
suddenly realized they
were running the veteran's
administration.
They were sort of responsible
for the congressional part,
and they didn't realize
what was going on.
So some of the-- there
was some big, big moves
made by that disclosure.
>>NOORY: Grant, how did
you go from investigating
the president's involvement
in UFOs to music in UFOs?
>>CAMERON: Well,
it's a long trip.
I had my sighting, which led me
to try to publish a book, which
nobody would publish.
And then I said, well, I'm
not interested in sightings
anymore.
I'm just interested in
who knows what I saw.
Somebody has to know what I saw.
And that's why I chased
the Canadian government.
That's why I chased the
president of the United States
and high-level CIA
people, figuring
that one of these people
has to know what I saw,
and that led me to this thing
of doing documents of what
the president said,
and then in 2012,
I have this download experience.
I have this sort of
consciousness download
experience.
And I immediately
shift and realize
this is the answer
I've been looking for.
It's got to do
with consciousness.
And then the music
came after that.
And the music is linked to
the consciousness thing.
So that's how I got
to the music thing.
>>NOORY: There were
a lot of musicians
who have been influenced
by UFOs, lots of people.
Sammy Hagar is one of them.
>>CAMERON: Staggering number.
A whole series of them have had
UFO sightings, Olivia Newton
John, two of the Rolling Stones,
Elvis Presley, Sammy Davis
Junior, and a lot of musicians
see not just one UFO,
they see multiple
UFOs, Billy Ray Cyrus.
>>NOORY: Ongoing?
Ongoing?
>>CAMERON: No, and, like, a
lot of people see one UFO,
but a lot of musicians, for
example, Billy Ray Cyrus,
saw five of them and
actually took a photograph
and put it on Twitter.
And you had one of the members
of The Moody Blues actually
stated that he, during a
rehearsal in 1973 in Brazil,
had seen a fleet of
UFOs, thousands of them,
like a freeway of UFOs
flying over as they came out
of a practice session.
So musicians have had a lot,
and it's just-- it's staggering.
At one point.
I thought they had
every single musician.
I figured, like, every
single one because one--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CAMERON: One of the things
I had looked at was when I saw
the number who were
experiencers who had described--
it's almost like
they were abductees,
I said, well, I wonder-- because
one of the big bands that
came out of Winnipeg
was The Guess Who,
that wrote "American
Woman," and very
famous during the late '60s.
The head of that, I
looked at him, and I said,
I wonder what he had.
And so I took his name, and I
put it in with alien abduction,
and his Facebook page popped up.
And on there, he's in caps.
So he's sort of yelling
on his Facebook page.
And he said, I'm 64 years old.
I'll say whatever I want to say.
And they're mistreating Whitley
Strieber, and I'm going, well,
his Facebook people
aren't going to know
who Whitley Strieber is.
Why is he talking
about Whitley Strieber.
And then he said, I know
exactly how he feels.
At that point, I thought, wow!
Maybe they've got everybody.
So there was this--
this connection,
and the more I looked
at it, the more I
realized that there
was piles of musicians
that have had experiences,
have written songs about it,
have put it on their albums.
For example, you'd get
people who put albums,
but the musicians, we had three
dozen or more albums where
they put UFOs on the
cover or stuff like that,
a number of musicians
who actually
believed that they weren't from
this planet, like John Denver.
John Denver actually said
at one point, he said,
I have an affinity for
the constellation Lyra.
And he wrote a song
called "The Spirit."
>>NOORY: Wow!
>>CAMERON: And it was
released after he--
>>NOORY: He thought it
was from that region, huh?
>>CAMERON: And he-- after he
died, this song was released.
But the guy who wrote
the lyrics to the song
said, John Denver did not
just sort of think about that.
He actually believed he
may have been from there.
And there was other
musicians that believed
that they weren't from here.
The first woman to sing
on "Saturday Night Live,"
Patti Smith.
And she's on the
tape where she said,
I just feel like I was
dropped into this planet.
I feel I'm from somewhere else.
And she'd have these
very bizarre things
of how many had UFOs over their
concerts, Bono, Ozzy Osbourne--
>>NOORY: Tom DeLonge.
>>CAMERON: Springfield,
Tom DeLonge.
>>NOORY: From Blink 182.
>>CAMERON: And
this is the thing,
you have these musicians,
and the more you look at it,
the more you realize that there
is this bizarre connection,
and it's linked
to consciousness.
>>NOORY: Do you
think they might have
been reincarnated from some
extraterrestrial presence?
>>CAMERON: Yeah, I
think reincarnation
is a big thing we've got to
look at in the UFO community.
I mean, we're looking
for UFO disclosure.
But I think we should look
at reincarnation disclosure.
I think there's almost as much
evidence for reincarnation
as there is for UFOs.
And if we can establish the fact
that there is reincarnation,
then everything changes.
So you have one life.
Then it's one world.
But if it's multiple lives,
then it's multiple worlds.
So it comes down to, why
are we here on Earth?
What are we supposed
to be doing?
And you start
looking at musicians
where they may be
here just to do this,
to get some sort of message
across, to do some sort of work
in terms of raising
consciousness on the Earth.
>>NOORY: So back to this
reincarnation connection,
Grant, because I think it's
very possible that some
of these musicians who have
obtained some incredible talent
might have been
helped that way too.
>>CAMERON: Yeah, and this is
the whole deal about especially
with savants.
I did some work on savants.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>CAMERON: As to where
did they get it from,
and you start looking at this
idea of a field or the fact
that somebody is coming into
this world to replay something
they've done before
and that some
of those famous
musicians from the past
may be musicians in this world
doing the same thing they
did in past lives.
>>NOORY: What do you
think the motive is
of the extraterrestrial
to influence
the artist through music.
>>CAMERON: I think
it's all got to do
with consciousness raising.
The more I look
at UFOs, I believe
it's got to do with messaging.
It's got to do with
raising consciousness.
And so I believe
it's no different
than a lot of musicians believe
that they're getting stuff
from angels, like
one of the musicians
believed he was getting stuff
from the Archangel Metatron.
And so you get these
kind of things where--
the way I describe it is you
know the famous channeler,
alien channeler in
Los Angeles, Bashar?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>CAMERON: Bashar talks about
it, and it fits into this.
He said, there is only light.
Darkness is not a
thing unto itself.
So there's only light
and information.
And darkness, the farther
you're away from the light,
the darker it gets, and the
less information you have.
So the way I look
at it is it's as
if we're at the
bottom of the ocean
where it's very, very dark.
And we think this
is all there is.
And musicians are very sort
of right brained, for example,
you have-- you mentioned
Roger Lear before.
Roger Lear was asked about
his 17 implants that he did.
What's the common
characteristics
of all experiences?
And he said, they're all
right brain creative people.
And so you have this--
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CAMERON: You have this
thing with musicians
that musicians are in sort of
in-- we're in the darkness.
Musicians are like
other people--
some people who are able to
what I call disassociate.
They're able to sort of shut
down the left brain ego mind,
quiet that part of the mind.
Their right brain sort
of gets into the field.
So they float up
from the darkness
into closer to the light
where you can see more.
You can pick up stuff.
And they pick up this stuff,
and they bring it back
into the darkness.
And this happens actually
with inventions too.
If you take a look
at, for example,
the scientific method,
the periodic table,
the atomic atom.
>>NOORY: It's everywhere.
>>CAMERON: All these things
came in download things.
>>NOORY: How about the 3.14 pi,
which has a musical tone to it
too.
>>CAMERON: Yeah, And
that's the thing.
So these people
are disassociating.
They're going up sort
of into a lighter
thing where they can see more.
And they're able
to come back down.
It's like UFO experiencers.
If you look at the Free
Foundation research,
it shows that 42%
of all experiencers
say that they have mathematical,
technical, or scientific
material in their head--
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CAMERON: --that they
did not learn in school.
And 40% of all experiencers
say at one point
during their experience, they
knew the answer to everything
in the Universe.
>>NOORY: Well, what's also
fascinating, Grant, not only
have some of these
musicians been influenced
by some kind of UFO or
extraterrestrial involvement,
but that the
musicians themselves
are fascinated with ufology.
>>CAMERON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: In a big way too.
They have a thing, and at one
time, people would say to me,
oh, it's just because
people are interested in it.
And I actually did
a thing one time
I was doing, where
Bubba Watson golfs,
and I was going to do a
lecture at this golf club.
>>NOORY: Mhm.
>>CAMERON: And I went in
there, and I said, well,
I'll just do a thing where I get
some golfer who's been abducted
or had a UFO sighting.
Could not find a single one.
But you put a musician, and--
>>NOORY: They're
all over the place.
>>CAMERON: And your
screen will light up.
It's just-- it's that pervasive,
and just nobody has studied it.
>>NOORY: Music,
historically, has been used
for altered states of mind.
There's a Gaia show
called "Psychedelica,"
which highlights that.
>>JONATHAN GOLDMAN:
Music And sound
can not only enhance
psychedelic journeys,
but can initiate
psychedelic experiences
without anything else.
There are many traditions
throughout the planet
that in order to enter altered
states of being will simply
use sound, whether it is their
voice, or drumming, or bowls,
or bells, or some sort
of other instrumentation.
This basically alters
all sorts of aspects
of the brain and
our consciousness.
The instruments
that have been used
to achieve altered
states of consciousness
have been multitude,
myriad, and many.
Probably the most
popular, of course,
has been the voice,
shaman, and priests,
and various types
of practitioners
using different mantras,
making different tones,
speaking in different tongues,
altering different states
of consciousness,
literally, shifting
the vibrational
frequencies of this space
within and without
using their own voice.
>>NOORY: Is it possible that
the extraterrestrial involvement
with the music is being
done for a certain reason?
What are they trying
to accomplish?
It's not just to have
the musician mention UFOs
in the song.
There's gotta be
something else here.
>>CAMERON: Yeah, as
would do the orig--
the original message to me was
the message is in the music.
I think it's like-- like TV.
It's like this
subliminal message.
So it'll be tone.
It'll be lyrics.
It'll be-- and
it's-- it's this--
the messages are similar,
the oneness, love,
these kind of messages, same
sort of messages you get.
>>NOORY: Those are the
ones ingrained in the song?
>>CAMERON: Yeah.
But there's also the tone
that is-- was described here,
that the tone is-- is got
messages in it as well.
It's not just the lyrics.
>>NOORY: Are they
doing it as a way
to subliminally, as
you mentioned, but let
us know that they're here?
>>CAMERON: Yes, that--
>>NOORY: Are they trying
to tell us something?
>>CAMERON: That's part of it.
And part of it is
the idea of oneness.
I think that's one of the main
messages that they have is this
oneness that everything
is connected,
and it's to move us-- we're
sort of moving out of this dark
water into higher water, and
they're trying to lead us
in that way, the same as--
it's not just UF--
aliens.
You'll hear stories about
spirits and a famous story
was told about--
a guy by the name of
Stuart Sharp, who wrote
called the "Angeli
Symphony." and he
was had these encounters with
what he called the Snow People.
And his first-born son--
his first son died, and the
night after he had the funeral,
he had a dream.
And in the dream, he sort
of described it like angels,
but there have these
Snow People that
appeared when he was
young, said, sometimes when
this happens, we give
the person a gift,
and they gave him this song
called the "Angeli Symphony."
And this guy, it took him 20
years to put this together.
He had to raise over
a million pounds,
and the London
Philharmonic Orchestra
played this thing, this
song that was in his head,
for 20 years, and
it was the only time
the London Philharmonic
Orchestra ever stood
up and applauded the
guy who composed it.
So you have these
bizarre stories
where you have this interlink,
whether it's aliens--
I think they're all
in the same field.
Once you move out
of the darkness,
that's where everybody lives.
Like Bashar, the same thing.
Bashar said, the aliens-- we
come to you in your dreams
because, now,
you're in our world.
So I think the
aliens are sort of
in that world with
spirits, with ghosts,
with angels, this sort of thing.
They're able to come into our
world and then go back again.
So-- and if we can disassociate
and get out of that field,
they mentioned sound here.
I've written a paper on 25
methods to disassociate.
You can use hypnosis.
>>NOORY: 25?
Wow!
>>CAMERON: You can use hypnosis.
You can use meditation,
psychedelic drugs.
There's all sorts of
methods that people--
brain injuries, pain.
Here you mentioned
drumming, bowls, prayer.
Christians have used
prayer for centuries
to disassociate, to talk to
God, where you sort of just pop
out and are able to
dissociate, to shut down
the neurocortex, the left brain,
the rational analytical, ego
mind.
Once you can shut that down,
you can go higher into the light
and pull this stuff back down.
>>NOORY: Was there
an aha moment for you
when you discovered
that there's some kind
of musical involvement with
extraterrestrials and artists?
>>CAMERON: Oh, I was fascinated.
When this Neil Young thing--
I was just-- I was just floored.
I went, whoa, because it
didn't make any sense.
And it was almost like the hook.
Like they put you on the
hook, and they pull you down.
Same as my sighting, I
had no interest in UFOs.
I had done work on
near-death studies.
I'd done-- I was interested in--
I had no interest in UFOs.
When I saw the UFO--
>>NOORY: Aha!
>>CAMERON: And it's
this thing about--
>>NOORY: It's changed your life.
>>CAMERON: --knowing
and believing.
So people who haven't had
the experience only believe.
I know, once you get into it,
once you have the experience,
oh, wow!
And you know, and it becomes
with absolute certainty,
and you just move ahead with it.
And that, again, I think
is them moving you,
almost like the
musicians, they're
moving me to move this along,
and it may be something
that I agreed to before my--
I was born to come
in to do this.
So when that moment
happens, it's like, oh,
yeah, it's like, oh, I
remember, I have to do this now.
And you think it's random,
but it's not random.
And I think the more you look
at the world, the less random
it appears.
>>NOORY: People, of
course, have claimed
that during near-death
experiences,
or in special kinds
of dreams, that they
hear certain kinds of music.
What's that all about?
>>CAMERON: It's the same thing.
They're moving into
that higher level.
For example, Eben
Alexander talks
about his right
near-death experiences.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CAMERON: And
here's a neurologist
from Harvard
University who said,
as soon as he had his
experience, the first thing he
realized, consciousness
is not in the brain.
And he had this music almost
like this Stuart Sharp
with his download of
the "Angeli Symphony,"
Alexander talks about
being in the muck.
And he hears this music.
And as the music is playing,
he gets pulled out of the muck
into this heavenly environment.
And then the music goes away,
and he goes back into the muck.
And he remembers, and he
plays this song in his head.
And it keeps lifting
him out of the muck,
and it's the same concept.
It's moving out of this
darkness into the light.
He tried to recreate the
music, same as Stuart Sharp,
but I don't think
Alexander was ever
able to create it, but a lot--
I do a whole chapter in
the book, "Tuned In,"
I do a whole chapter on
near-death experiences,
people who picked up music
during near-death experiences.
And that is, I believe,
because they're--
they're out of that
darkness, and they're there
in these higher levels
where there's more light
where you can pick up stuff.
They get it.
Their near-death
experiences over.
They go back into the
darkness, and they remember it,
almost like a dream.
It's like when you
get a dream, you've
been in that environment.
You're in that higher realm.
When you go down, you have
to immediately write it down,
or it will disappear.
>>NOORY: So why do
shamans and other people
use tones and hums
when they chant?
What is that trying
to accomplish?
>>CAMERON: I think
it's the same thing.
It's disassociating.
It's getting the person.
It's shutting that person's mind
down, whether it's-- you know,
it's the same sort
of principle, where
they're-- they're
shutting your mind down,
where you're using one
of these techniques,
where you sort of go into an
altered state like I did when I
had my download experience.
I was watching Colin Andrews
give a lecture on crop circles.
>>NOORY: And you see he's
one of the best for that.
>>CAMERON: And I have no
interest in crop circles.
I didn't want to be in the room.
So I was sitting there.
I'm watching him lecture, and
I didn't want to be there.
And I'm thinking about
going across the river,
and I was zoning out.
I wasn't paying
attention, and boom,
it just came like that
with absolute certainty.
It was just all this
stuff came into my head.
And that's what it is.
It's the ability to dissociate,
to get into that environment,
pick up the material,
and bring it back down.
>>NOORY: Did Elvis
claim that he saw a UFO?
>>CAMERON: Elvis claimed--
there was a story about Elvis--
about the blue light
above his house?
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>CAMERON: When
he was born, there
was a story told about the
blue light and his fascination
with blue.
But he had this sighting
with his father,
and he had a sighting
with his hairdresser.
So he had a number of these
sightings that were described.
He was mentioned in
Michael Luckman's book.
>>NOORY: Let's rattle off
some names of musicians who've
been affected by
what you believe
to be UFO contacts or just
UFO sightings in general.
So there was Elvis, Neil Young.
Who else is out there?
>>CAMERON: Well,
you-- you've got
John Lennon, who is probably
the biggest one that we know of.
>>NOORY: Well, you
mentioned John Lennon.
Watch this.
>>JOHN LENNON: Here,
up there, I saw a UFO,
and it went down the
river, turned right
at the United Nations, turned
left, and then down the river.
It wasn't a helicopter,
and it wasn't a balloon,
and it was so near.
>> REPORTER: And you looked
what sort of-- round, white,
luminescent?
>>JOHN LENNON: Just like--
>> REPORTER: And silent?
>>JOHN LENNON: Silent.
And it looked dark like
black or gray in the middle
and had white lights.
It just looked like
light bulbs, you know?
Just going off, on,
off, on, off, on,
blink, blink, blink, blink
round the bottom, and on top
was a red light.
If you see a little note on
"Walls and Bridges," it says,
I saw a UFO.
And I was just finished
doing "Walls and Bridges."
I'd mastered it or done
the last tape of it,
and I was really just
relaxed and really good.
And it was summer
in New York, and I
had the window open, and lo
and behold, there this thing
just hovering sort
of 100 yards away.
But I saw it so close it
wasn't in the sky or nothing,
you know?
And it was like I could
have hit it with a brick
if I'd thrown a stone at it.
I couldn't see the color
because it was dusk.
It was a good,
clear summer night,
you know, the sky
was very clear.
And around the
bottom of it was just
ordinary-looking electric
light bulbs blinking off and on
alternatively like on a
billboard or something.
And on the top of
it was a red light.
And the thing I noticed was
that there was no noise,
and I could hear that freeway
down below all the cars going.
So I realized, oh,
it's not a helicopter.
Then it must be a balloon.
But it was so close
to the rooftop,
it couldn't be a balloon.
So all the rationale
things I went to,
it's not a helicopter
or a balloon.
It's not a balloon.
It's too close to the roof,
and it's maneuvering too well
to be a balloon.
So I just watched
it, and it was there
for about 5 or 10 minutes.
It went off down the East
River, and there it was.
And that's all I've
got to say about it.
>>NOORY: More than 40 years
ago, Grant, that happened.
>>CAMERON: I've got
an interesting story
to add to that.
>>NOORY: Yeah?
>>CAMERON: And I
mentioned this thing
about why they're doing it.
For example, you take
a look-- he's talked
about the white light bulbs.
So I always say when I talk
with John Lennon's sighting,
why do they have white light
bulbs on the flying saucer?
I mean, do they need that to
fly through interstellar space?
No, it's a message.
They just want you to see
the flashing light bulbs.
>>NOORY: They want
you to see it.
>>CAMERON: But he had
another experience,
and May Pang talks about this
because May Pang was with him
when he had the
sighting there, and she
talked about the
Oz effect, which
experiencers who are very,
very close will talk about.
Time and space seemed
to change, where your--
everything seems to--
it's just you and UFO.
And she said she
was looking out--
and she-- there was
a balcony below them.
And she said, I couldn't figure
out why they didn't come out.
We were yelling and
screaming, and she's trying
to photograph this thing.
She took a bunch of photographs,
which didn't come out.
And those people didn't
come up, and then she said,
I looked out, and all the
apartments were vacant.
Everybody was gone.
And then this voice
came in her head said,
oh, they've all gone
to the Hamptons.
So we actually asked her.
We said, doesn't that sound
kind of strange everybody
in New York went
to the Hamptons?
And it was that OZ effect.
And then there's the
story told by Uri Geller.
Uri Geller tells a
story which indicates
that John Lennon may have--
have been an experiencer.
>>NOORY: He saw a UFO.
Geller did.
He did.
>>CAMERON: Yeah, OK.
>>NOORY: He told me that.
>>CAMERON: He had the experience
when he was three years
old whatever in the desert.
>>NOORY: Yes, which he claims--
>>CAMERON: So he has this
UFO connection as well.
>>NOORY: --it gave
him these powers.
>>CAMERON: But he tells a
story of John taking him
to a restaurant
in New York City.
And John said--
told him the story.
He said, I'm there one
night, and it's almost
classic abduction thing.
He said I'm lying there.
He said, and suddenly, I woke
up, and he looked, and he said,
it looked like there was
a fire in the hallway.
There was-- there was
light coming in from under
the doorway, coming
through the keyhole, and--
and Yoko Ono was
there like a stone,
and you'll hear people describe.
They can't wake
up their partner,
and he said, and I went to the
door and opened up the door,
and there was these bug
people standing there.
And this is Uri Geller
telling this story
that John had told him.
There was these bug
people standing there.
And I tried to go after them,
and they just sort of forced me
back by will.
They forced me back.
And he said, the
next thing I knew,
I was lying on the bed on top
of the covers, and I woke up,
and Yoko woke up,
and he had-- they
had left him a small like
an egg-type bronze object.
And so John said
to Uri, he said,
this may be my ticket
to another planet,
but I don't want
anything to do with it.
You can keep it.
And Uri still has this thing,
and I talked to him about it.
And he said, I've
never had it analyzed
because I'm always afraid--
>>NOORY: Oh, he should.
>>CAMERON: -- it might have
turned out to have been from
Taiwan.
So Uri Geller says he
keeps this egg object
that John Lennon gave him.
It's own his possession
at all times.
>>NOORY: Well, I'm sure the
elements of whatever make up
this little thing
that they left behind
is the same throughout
the Universe.
So I don't think they're going
to discover an element that's
so unknown or unusual.
>>CAMERON: Well, they're--
I've looked at the implant--
the implants and the
all the metal material.
I've never seen
two pieces of metal
that have been recovered
that look the same.
Hal Puthoff's lab offered
to do the analysis
on Uri Geller's piece.
>>NOORY: But can they
identify these pieces in labs?
>>CAMERON: Well,
they can identify,
like, we can-- we kind of
now with our technology,
we can identify all these like
UFOs that are flying along,
and they shoot out some metal.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>CAMERON: They sort of
pretend like they're crashing,
and everybody is watching.
>>NOORY: They'll say it's
nickel or iron, or something
like that.
>>CAMERON: Yeah, and now we know
from Jacques Vallee's research
that some of these have
very bizarre isotopes.
But the thing that I've noticed
is that none of the two pieces
are the same.
And it may be again the
same messaging thing.
It's like a grade six
project an Alpha Centauri.
And they say, OK, we're
going to drop something
to raise consciousness, and
we're going to drop some metal.
And, OK, you kids figure
out what we're going to do.
OK, let's get one with--
rare isotopes.
Let's mess around
with the isotopes.
And we'll send a UFO down, there
and it'll shoot this metal,
and they'll pick it up
because none of the pieces
are the same.
They're almost always
pieces are different.
You assume if it's from
UFOs, all the pieces
would be the same.
But there's piles
of these pieces,
and I've never seen two
pieces that are the same.
>>NOORY: Have the bands
ever been abducted en masse?
>>CAMERON: We have
three stories of bands
that have been abducted.
One is a Scottish group that
I haven't tracked down yet.
One was the Moody Blues.
The Moody Blues--
>>NOORY: The Moody Blues?
What happened?
What was that--
>>CAMERON: That
story, they're coming,
1967, coming from
Manchester into London.
It's the middle of the morning,
and Pinder is looking out
the back window of the car.
He sees this object.
He's watching.
It just looks like a red light.
Then he tells these guys, we
should stop and look at this.
They stop on the
motorway, and the thing
is over on the other
side of the motorway.
And they say, well, maybe
it's a tower or whatever.
And then they realized,
no, it's not a tower.
And the next thing they
knew, they were in London,
and they were three hours late.
And so one of them
actually drew the being
that-- that was on the craft.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CAMERON: And
Pinder actually said
there are lyrics in our songs
that come from elsewhere.
So they were abducted, and we
have a band in Canada that they
haven't--
I've interviewed them.
But their story is going
to come into a book,
and the entire band
was abducted in 1972.
He remembers it very clearly.
And then this guy
tells the story
of the entire audience being
abducted later on at Brock
University in Canada, while
they were playing there,
where they go into the--
they're playing in a bar.
And they are starting
the first set,
and there's only one person.
It's Friday night.
It's supposed to be jammed,
and they're wondering, like,
where's the people?
>>NOORY: Where are they, right.
>>CAMERON: And so after the
middle of the second set,
the bartender says, you
might as well go home,
it doesn't look like
anybody's going to come.
And the guy is Steve
Boucher, who tells the story.
He says, I walk out to
the front, out the door,
to go get the cart to
get our musical stuff,
and all these people are
standing in the hall,
and he goes, what are you doing?
What you standing
in the hall for?
And the guy says, we're
told to stand here.
And he said, you don't
have to stand here.
>>NOORY: By who?
>>CAMERON: Why are you
standing in the hall?
And he said, well, they
told us, and then he
looked over, and this--
this whole thing
is, it's a being.
And he said, what are you doing?
Get back in line.
He said, I'm not--
I got to go get my insurance.
I got to go get the cart.
And then he said,
well, get back in line.
He said, no, I'm busy.
I've got to go get my cart.
So the beam takes him out, and
there's a flying saucer there.
And they said, this
guy can't stay.
He can't stay.
He's got to go.
And the-- they--
>>NOORY: Whoa!
>>CAMERON: They say, oh, we
haven't got time for this guy.
Take him back.
So they take him
back to the truck,
and they said, stay
around for my buddies
because I'm going to be
angry because I'm late now.
I want you to stay around.
And he said, no, we can't.
We can't.
And then he said,
well, just stay there,
and I'll just point to you.
And then he told his--
his band members are very upset.
Where were you?
What happened?
And he said, well, they,
and we looked over,
and these guys were gone.
So he tells this story.
The entire band and some
of them were regressed.
And it's a fascinating
story of entire bands
that were abducted.
>>NOORY: Some musicians have
been known to use drugs, right?
And heavy drugs.
>>CAMERON: Mhm.
>>NOORY: How do we know
some of these stories
aren't the byproduct
of the drug usage?
>>CAMERON: Well, it's clear
that drugs help you dissociate.
We use this with psilocybin,
with high-dose LSD.
In the 1950s, Hewlett-Packard
was using LSD with
their engineers to--
>>NOORY: Make them
more creative.
>>CAMERON: To make
them more creative.
And they were doing
this kind of thing
because it sort of
causes you to dissociate.
And so when I looked at
that, people would say,
oh, they're satanic.
They're-- they're bad guys.
They're, you know,
this kind of stuff.
They're doing drugs or whatever.
So what I did, and
tuned in, my mother
was a church organist
for 40 years.
So I said, OK, I'll just
look at the music of Bach,
and Beethoven, and all
this kind of stuff,
same story, identical
story, except that
instead of saying aliens,
then they were saying God.
And there's a famous story
that was told about Beethoven.
Beethoven had created
this symphony,
and the conductor said,
you know this left--
left-handed violin piece that
you played in this composition?
It's absolutely unplayable.
And Beethoven said
to him, I'll have
you know that when I
composed that symphony,
I was communing with God.
And do you think I
had time to worry
about your little,
puny violin piece?
So it's the same thing.
It's disassociating.
So whatever it is,
in the old days
they talked about talking to
God, or talking to dead people,
or whatever.
And now we've sort of
moved it, and now we're
talking about aliens.
I think it's all the same thing.
It's this disassociating, moving
into a lighter realm where
you're able to see more
and getting the material,
like dream songs.
I've got 150 dream songs,
famous songs, like "Yesterday,"
"Let It Be," songs like
this that came in dreams.
And the magicians will
all say the same thing.
It's not like an ordinary dream.
>>NOORY: They-- they composed
it in the dream, right?
>>CAMERON: It comes
automatically.
It's there.
And it's-- there's no symbols.
There's nothing.
It's exactly as the
piece is played.
So they just have to go back
and quickly compose this.
>>NOORY: Write it down
before they forget.
>>CAMERON: Yeah, like
this Alma Deutscher,
this six-year-old girl.
That's what she talks about.
>>NOORY: She's a genius.
>>CAMERON: She talks about
this that it's there.
It's all there, and they
know how to compose it.
And there's a couple of these
young kids, where they they're
writing more.
Or there's a woman
in Great Britain, who
was talking to ancient like
Bach, Beethoven, Liszt,
all this kind of stuff.
She actually does a
thing for BBC on camera,
where Beethoven is
dictating music to her,
and she's sitting there,
and she's writing.
>>NOORY: And it's perfect music.
>>CAMERON: And then
she can't even play it.
And then the BBC plays
what she actually--
and once she's
composed, she says,
Beethoven's telling
me to hurry up.
And she's writing this stuff,
and so it's the same thing.
It's disassociation.
And this woman was a medium.
She was actually getting art.
She could draw, paint
like famous painters,
and she was talking to about
20 different musicians,
ancient musicians
with compositions,
and she really
couldn't play music.
But she was getting this music.
So it's the same sort of thing
where we're being helped.
We're able to go up into the
field, and we're just get--
able to get out of this
sort of materialistic dance
world go up there because the
closer you get to the light,
the more light there is,
the more information.
But the light has
all the information.
The closer you get to
the light, the more
you can see, and the
more information you get.
>>NOORY: Rock star
Sammy Hagar talked
about his UFO experience.
>>SAMMY HAGAR: I'm dreaming.
I see these guys in my head.
I see these--
>> DREW PINSKY: What
did they look like?
>> HAGAR: They were
just kind of this--
like beams of light, you know?
And they were kind of blue,
OK, and with no features
because it was a close up.
I didn't-- you know,
it was just kind of--
and-- and I'm dreaming,
and they're going,
oh, he's waking up.
We got to end this, right?
But it wasn't language spoken.
It was just, you know,
a telepathic thing.
And then they hollered out this
weird, digital, numerical code
of our numerical system.
It wasn't like 9, 11, 12,
13, 14, and it went whoop,
and it ended.
And I felt like there was a
cord plugged into my head.
But of course, what
they were 13 miles away
where I knew where they were.
I knew the area I was in.
It was in my home.
It was like one of those dreams
when everything was the same.
And I woke up, and I
went-- it put me on a quest
to say, what was that?
That was so real.
So I think it was a
download and upload
situation, like an
experimental thing,
like I was some guinea pig.
They would just plug it in.
>> PINSKY: Did you ever
see the move "Contact"?
>>HAGAR: What's that?
>> PINSKY: The movie
"Contact" with Foster.
>> HAGAR: Oh, yeah, yeah.
>>PINSKY: It was that
kind of an experience?
>> HAGAR: Yeah, yeah, and
you know, I'm a big believer.
First of all, doctor,
anyone that-- you know,
you can call me
crazy all you want.
But everyone says there's no
one in this whole Universe,
we're the only life in this
whole, big, giant, vast
Universe, they're crazy.
>> PINSKY: That's Right.
I absolutely agree with you.
>> HAGAR: That's scary.
>> PINSKY: I agree.
I think, actually, life
gets catapulted forward
by sort of catastrophic
events from the Universe.
I have no doubt about that.
But-- but I'll remain
skeptical about the guys
with the white light.
>>NOORY: I mean, they're
everywhere, aren't they?
>>CAMERON: Yeah, another big
one was Ace Frehley from Kiss.
One of the biggest--
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah, huge.
>>CAMERON: --biggest
money bands of all times.
And he tells the story.
And a lot of them musicians,
like the rock guys,
they're, like,
they didn't really
care what people say about them.
So Ace Frehley told the story.
He said, I woke up
in a doorway, half
in the doorway,
half in the house.
He said, I'd woken up in a lot
of weird places in my life,
but this was the
weirdest place of all.
And then, suddenly,
these recollections
of being on the ship
and this sort of stuff.
And he goes into the shower,
and he checks his body
for different type--
with his scoop marks
or stuff like that.
And he goes into the
backyard, and there's a circle
burnt into his backyard.
And it's 27 feet across.
He said, that's my lucky number.
So there's these very
major musicians who
are very open about the fact--
or Cat Stevens.
Very famous story, Cat Stevens,
before he became Muslim,
told this story in
the early 1970s.
He tells the story,
I was on top of a--
a roof in London, and he
said, this UFO came over,
and it sucked me up into
the UFO and dropped me.
And it wasn't a dream.
I know this was for real.
He wrote two songs.
One was called "Longer Boats"
about his UFO experience.
And the second was
called "Freezing Steel."
He said I was on
the ship, the ship
of freezing steel, the ship
without the guiding wheel.
And because I do the
consciousness thing,
I deal with--
>>NOORY: Wow!
>>CAMERON: --I've 50 people
who have flown the ship,
and they all say the same thing.
You fly the ship with your mind.
There is no guiding wheel.
So Sammy Hagar, or Cat
Stevens, has this in his lyrics
about this fact that there's
no guiding wheel on the ship.
>>NOORY: Why were so
many musicians abducted?
Why-- why are they taken?
>>CAMERON: Well,
that's a-- that's
a question I really can't really
say except that a lot of them
have.
It's almost like a
higher-level experience,
but it's all messaging
to me, whether you're
taken aboard the ship or like
John Lennon with the lights
are on it.
Why do UFOs have lights on them?
So you can see them.
If you see a UFO,
you're part of the game.
If they want to
cloak themselves,
they-- they can just make
themselves disappear.
When you see a UFO, they
want you to see the UFO.
So you're part of it.
And, again, it's this-- it's
this messaging thing that they
want these-- these sort
of famous musicians
to come forward because
they're lifting consciousness.
People-- you have--
almost like Tom DeLonge.
Tom DeLonge appeals
to this very young age
group, the same with musicians.
So if you're between
0 and 10 years old,
your parents are your heroes.
Once you're 10 years old,
you say to your parents,
get away from me.
Stay away.
And your heroes
become musicians.
So if they want to influence
the generation between say
10 and 25, you're going to put
the messages through musicians
because that's who the
kids are listening to.
>>NOORY: That's almost
like a PR campaign.
>>CAMERON: Yeah,
yeah, that's what I--
>>NOORY: A brilliant one.
>>CAMERON: That's why I say
in 43 years of UFO experience,
the more I see it, the more
I think it's all messaging.
They're here to message stuff.
That's why they shut down
nuclear missile silos.
They're messaging us.
They're doing this
kind of stuff.
It's just constant messaging,
trying to raise consciousness
to the fact we're not alone,
and when you get there,
and the idea of
consciousness, that it's not
the physical world.
It's not a random, meaningless--
we're not biological robots
in a meaningless universe.
It's much more
complex than that.
That's the kind of
messages that I think
they're trying to put across.
>>NOORY: Do UFOS visit concerts?
>>CAMERON: Yes, Bono
had one over his concert
that he had in Salt Lake City.
>>NOORY: And people
could see this?
>>CAMERON: Yeah,
people could see it.
It was filmed.
It's on the internet.
You can see this.
Jimi Hendrix had one in--
playing in Hawaii.
Bruce Springsteen had one over a
concert, a fundraising concert,
for Obama in Philadelphia
that was filmed.
It was during the day.
It happens pretty often.
Ozzy Osbourne had
won over his concert.
So there's these bizarre
sort of connections to UFOs.
>>NOORY: Does the music from
the UFOs influence the musician?
Or is it the other way
around, because who
comes up with the lyrics?
Who comes up with the tone of
the music, the composition?
Or is that given to the
musician by the ETs?
>>CAMERON: Well, it's both.
It's like-- it's like
you and I are talking.
So where did the words
come from when we talk?
People think it's in your head.
>>NOORY: So I could say,
I ask you a question,
which creates your words
because you answer me--
>>CAMERON: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: --based
on how I led you.
>>CAMERON: You don't have
to think about the words.
You just talk.
And the words go, and it's
like-- and I say to people,
do you really think
there's neurons
running around putting words
in the sentence as you talk?
It's coming from somewhere else.
That's what Eben Alexander said.
The number one thing
he realized after
his near-death
experience, consciousness
is not in the brain.
And so it's this idea
where you disassociate.
You get the material, and
you-- you bring it back down.
>>NOORY: "Psychedelica," sounded
healing of sonic psychedelics
from our show.
>> NARRATOR: Vibration
plays a role in many
of the world's religions,
especially in their stories
of how the world began.
In Genesis 1, verse
2, God's spirit
moved across the
face of the waters.
The Cherokee wisdom
keeper, Dhyani Ywahoo,
states that in
their creation myth
from the mysterious
creator came forth
a sound, the fundamental tone
of the universal song underlying
all manifestation.
Native American peyote Church
Road man, Kuauhtli Vasquez,
recounts the creation
myth of his ancestry
and how sound or vibration
played a vital role.
>>KUAUHTLI VASQUEZ: They say
that, in our culture, the--
the Creator Spirit wanted
the world to begin in motion.
So he told the old
coyote to go to the ocean
and take one of
those conch shells
out and make a
trumpet out of it.
And when he blew it,
it started creating
this spiral wave of
sound, which sounds
kind of like, om, you know?
So the old coyote
blew it, and this
started everything vibrating.
>>NOORY: So it has an
effect on consciousness too,
doesn't it, sound and music?
>>CAMERON: Yeah, it's one of
the expressions they have,
it's all vibration.
Vibration is part of how
the Universe is established.
So if you pick up the vibration,
that-- that's the way it goes.
It's basically all vibration.
It's all tone, and it's
part of how it works.
>>NOORY: We were just talking
about dreams and the songs that
are created in the dream state.
How does that work?
>>CAMERON: Well,
it's the same thing.
It's be able to dissociate.
So let me give you an example.
"Yesterday," one was
famous songs of all times,
Paul McCartney wakes
up in the middle night,
and the song is in his head.
And there's a
piano in the room--
>>NOORY: And he can't
get it out of his head.
>>CAMERON: And he quickly
goes to the piano,
and he gets the chords,
and he gets it all down.
And then for a long time
after, he goes to people,
and he said, have you ever
heard this song before?
He was absolutely certain that
somebody else composed it.
He had a second dream that he
was playing with the Rolling
Stones, and it was
called "No Regrets,"
and he-- and he woke
up and he thought,
that was a fantastic-- he
was playing with the Rolling
Stones.
He said, that was a
fantastic song they played.
And he went, they
never played that song.
And he wrote it down,
and he said he never
told the Rolling Stones.
>>NOORY: And he--
>>CAMERON: Because they
would want royalties.
And then he had the one, "Let It
Be," which is the famous song.
>>NOORY: Great song.
>>CAMERON: And
people don't realize
where these songs come from.
So everybody thinks it's
got to do with Mother Mary
In the Bible.
And then he tells the actual
story of what happened.
It's the end of the Beatles.
The Beatles are breaking up.
Yoko Ono was coming in.
They don't like
her being in there.
There's drug problems.
He's been divorced or whatever.
And he's very troubled.
He goes to sleep, and his
mother, whose name was Mary,
died when he was 13 years
old, comes to him in a dream
and said, Paul, it's OK.
>>NOORY: Let it be.
>>CAMERON: Let it be.
And that's why he said,
in times of trouble,
Mother Mary comes to me speaking
words of wisdom, let it be.
>>NOORY: We thought it was
the Virgin Mary in that song.
>>CAMERON: That's right.
And he actually tells the story
on tape of how this-- how this
actually came about.
>>NOORY: Do you think ETs will
continue to select musicians
for messages?
>>CAMERON: Absolutely, I think
they're-- they're messaging all
sorts of people.
I think I'm part of the message.
Maybe you're part
of the message,
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>CAMERON: Especially
when you see this thing
with-- with people
who see things,
and why are they showing
John Lennon light
bulbs around the thing?
To me, it's all this messaging
trying to raise consciousness.
>>NOORY: In your career,
Grant, how would you
categorize this situation?
Can we call it a phenomenon,
the music and the ETs?
>>CAMERON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How would
you categorize that?
>>CAMERON: Well, I would
say it's where it is.
It's where it's
at because I spent
the great part of my career
from '75 to 2012 thinking
it was all nuts and bolts,
chasing this whole thing.
When I had the
consciousness thing,
I suddenly realized,
this is the solution
unless you understand
how consciousness works.
That's why I think
it's so important
with the reincarnation thing.
If you establish that
there is this continuity
of consciousness from
one lifetime to another,
then you realize this is
how the Universe works,
and you start to
get the principles
because right now,
we're assuming
it's a physical, random
world, and we don't realize
consciousness is primary.
Material is second.
So it's all consciousness.
And they're using this.
They understand more
about consciousness
to sort of educate us
to where we're going.
And you can see a lot of people
now are moving to this field,
that what Jacques Valle said.
I'd be very surprised
if this turns out
to be just extraterrestrials
coming to visit the Earth.
And I agree--
>>NOORY: Yeah, it's
much more than that.
>>CAMERON: --once you
get to the consciousness,
then I think you can solve this
thing because so much of it
ties into this consciousness
aspect of how reality actually
works.
We're just making
false assumptions
about how things actually work.
>>NOORY: Has anybody
else selected this topic
like you have?
>>CAMERON: Absolutely,
it surprises me.
>>NOORY: I've--
I've not heard that.
>>CAMERON: Actually,
even the dream songs.
There was there was Michael
Luckman, but he's now died.
And he was actually
doing a second book.
When he heard I was doing
my book, and he had--
his interest was
UFOs, and musicians,
and who was involved.
I was more interested,
because I'd
had the download experience,
why are they picking musicians?
What's actually going on?
The consciousness aspect to it.
When he heard I
was doing my book,
he said, I've got enough
material for a second book.
And he was just about
finished with the second book,
and then he had this
stroke and died.
So there's actually
another book out there
on this whole subject.
But other than that, I don't
think anybody is doing anything
on music.
>>NOORY: He was a great guest
for us on "Coast to Coast."
>>CAMERON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: His death,
of course, it's
sad because we've lost
so many great people who
have researched and
did everything else.
>>CAMERON: Yeah, and he was good
friends with like David Bowie.
He was good friends David Bowie.
>>NOORY: Yeah, absolutely.
>>CAMERON: He was actually
going have a concert.
He was going to
have a UFO Woodstock
concert At Pepperdine--
>>NOORY: That could
have been huge.
>>CAMERON: And he was
talking about the Stones.
He was talking
about David Bowie.
He was talking about Michael--
>>NOORY: And what if
a UFO appears there?
>>CAMERON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That would
have been great.
>>CAMERON: And that would have
been to raise the consciousness
thing.
And then he was working on
the permitting for this thing
at Pepperdine University,
this big UFO Woodstock,
and then he had the
stroke and died.
So we're still trying to revive
that idea of some time having
a concert, where a
lot of experiences--
there's actually
an album came out
in Great Britain with 18
contactees, experiencers,
with music.
And so we're trying to
revive this idea now,
this album is just
coming out, where
we're going to try to get
experiencer people to play
in a concert to get-- they would
really raise consciousness.
>>NOORY: Sure would.
>>CAMERON: Where
people would realize,
like, all these musicians
are into this kind of stuff
because they can get the
message across where sometimes
you and I can't get it across.
Lots of people are
listening to musicians.
>>NOORY: You're absolutely
sure this is an ET event?
>>CAMERON: Well, no,
I'm saying, I may--
it appears to be an ET event,
but as I said, when you go back
a couple hundred years ago
when there was no ET talk,
it was the same thing.
It was these songs coming
in with different messages
and stuff like that.
What I'm saying is that I think
that there's this higher level
where ETs live, where angels
live, where it's higher--
higher--
>>NOORY: It's a different
plane of existence.
>>CAMERON: Higher beings.
That's where Bashar
said, we come into--
we come into your dreams
because now you're in our world.
Like, you've moved out.
You're in the dream world.
You're in out of the darkness.
And that's why a lot
of people say to me,
oh, I've had UFO experience.
I've never been abducted.
I just have dreams about them.
And I said, well, you
think their dreams.
>>NOORY: It's the same thing.
>>CAMERON: It's the same thing.
They may be moving your astral
body out, or talking to you
in a dream, and talking
to your higher self
when you're disassociated,
when your left brain, when
you're sleeping, your
left brain is quieted--
quiet and down, that's
when they can talk to you.
That's why so many
experiencers, I believe,
say that they get aliens
coming to them in dreams
and giving them messages
and stuff like that.
And the same with musicians,
they're getting it
during their dream things,
dream sessions, the songs,
because they're in that higher
state where there's more light,
and they can see more
of what's going on.
>>NOORY: Are all these
messages and songs
that are given to the musicians
from the ETs positive,
or are there some
real dangerous ones?
>>CAMERON: I haven't
looked that much.
I do the one about love is
the number one thing in music.
It's the number one message.
And the oneness thing
does come across a bit.
>>NOORY: So it's
pretty positive stuff.
>>CAMERON: Yeah, it's
And you have musicians
who do like garbage songs.
But the thing is,
whatever their song
is, you got to
realize what level
that they are when
they cut the songs.
That's why to me
the dream songs are
so important because
then you know
they're out of that darkness.
They're not just making it
up or, you know, on the fly.
They're actually pulling it out.
And that's where I say, if
we can learn to dissociate,
if we can teach
people how to do this,
to dissociate, to go into that
field and bring stuff back,
then you can invent things.
You can do music.
You can do art because
it's all there.
It's almost like the inventions
and all the information
is there.
It's just the ability to go up
there and bring it back down.
>>NOORY: Has any musician
talked about the type of ET
that gave him or her the music?
Are they Greys, Nordics,
Reptilians, what might they be?
What kind of race?
>>CAMERON: I've
never really heard.
No, no, I've never
heard any musician talk
about any particular
type of being
that I can think of, except
for the Moody Blues talk--
they have a being that looks
sort of like a Grey, one
of the Moody Blues.
>>NOORY: I'm just
wandering if the Greys are
the creative ones.
>>CAMERON: Yeah, I'm not sure.
Well, John Anderson,
who from the band Yes,
was actually
interviewed one time.
And he said, I believe
that all art and music
comes from the Pleiades.
And the person who
was interviewing
them didn't follow up, like,
where do you get this from?
Like what's this about?
So John Anderson sold
50 million albums.
He was not a small guy.
>>NOORY: No, not at all.
>>CAMERON: And he had
some UFO experiences
that he's told privately
to people, some pretty
bizarre experiences.
So-- but in terms of the alien,
I'm not really sure what it is.
It's more like a dream
thing where they're--
they're getting it.
>>NOORY: Grant, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>CAMERON: Thanks for having me.
I appreciate your interest.
>>NOORY: Fascinating research,
music and extraterrestrials.
The next time you
hear a song, just
wonder where did that come from?
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]